My older sister, Ly Le Ha,
used to warn me that,
"No one is blessed with everything."
Our beauty and royal-like life now
means that the three of us sisters
will have to lose something else.
The limited edition
gold-encrusted lipstick?
Or a designer bag so rare that
there are only a few of them in the world?
No, I have to have everything that I want.
Beauty and youth will fade with time.
Money? Trust me, the more money there is,
the more meaningless it becomes.
Only power
is the ultimate purpose of this life.
My name is Ly Linh.
I was born to be a Phoenix.
Just one more signature
from the President and it's done.
But it's my job to sign.
Ms. Ha. It's been a long time.
It's 1.5 million dollars
for the Queen's Great Seal!
This is Empress Nam Phuong's official seal
weighing at 4.9kg,
made entirely from gold!
Please place your bid.
Over here, 1.6 million dollars.
It's 1.6 million dollars!
Do I hear another bid?
Sold! Congratulations!
Ta-da!
The curse of the Ly family is lifted.
You can get married now.
There has to be a red camellia
blooming in Camellia Garden in Hue.
And this is Saigon, honey.
Coming up next,
it is my great honor to introduce to you
the Treasure of the Old Empire!
So beautiful.
This 200-year-old robe
is one of a kind all over Indochina
and has been owned and well-preserved
by the Ly family for 20 years!
You might have heard of it
or seen it in antiques magazines.
But today is the first time
the Phoenix Robe
with the Three-Tailed Phoenix embroidery
will be up for bidding
at the prestigious Royal Theater!
Now can I have the first bid?
Five million dollars.
-I bid 5.1 million dollars.
-It's 5.1 million!
That hurts!
Does that mean 5.2 million dollars, sir?
Listen.
My father has approved
that you marry into our family.
This is exactly
what you've always dreamed of.
But I only care about the day
he makes me vice president.
You mean you won't stop
until you're on top of me?
Of course.
My only aim is to become
the vice president of the Empire Tower.
Wait for him to come back then.
He's probably still bidding
on the 200-year-old Phoenix Robe
with your sister in Hue right now.
I'm afraid 11 million dollars
is still far from
what this beauty of a royal robe deserves.
Do I have a higher bid?
Here, 12 million dollars.
It's at 12 million dollars!
Thanks for the bid
from the generous lady here!
Over here, 15 million.
We have 15 million dollars!
Do I have a higher bid?
I bid 20 million dollars.
I bid 25 million.
The bidding has reached
25 million dollars, ladies and gentlemen!
Twenty-five million dollars!
That robe isn't an easy buy.
I know.
But he is willing to exchange
that nearly completed building
for the old Phoenix Robe just for show.
It's 25 million dollars now.
Do I have a higher bid?
Oh, gosh.
I'm sorry.
Twenty-five million dollars, going once.
Twenty-five million dollars going twice!
Twenty-five million dollars--
I bid 30 million dollars.
-I bid 50 million--
-Sold!
For 30 million dollars. Congratulations!
Ms. Ha.
Don't you see that I'm still bidding?
My apologies, sir, but there can be
only one winner in a bidding war.
What were you doing?
I can't believe you!
It was the matter of a second.
Had I not been so quick with the hammer,
we could have lost the Phoenix Robe
to someone else.
What else would we have left
to attract customers for the next auction?
I dropped an earring.
It was a Harry Winston.
So I panicked.
An earring?
You almost lost
the most valuable treasure of our family
just for a million-dollar earring?
Let me tell you.
This Phoenix Robe is worth
even more than 100 million dollars!
It is the soul, the honor
of the Ly family. Do you understand?
But the Phoenix Robe is still there.
No one has even touched it.
Do you know
that people have started a rumor that
I set up the buyers for the Phoenix Robe?
How did they start the rumor
when they don't know I'm your sister?
For years now, you have been keeping me
so well under your hat.
If I didn't do that,
would our business survive?
Who would still come to our auctions?
Our family name,
money for your shopping sprees,
where do you think that came from?
You're old enough to understand,
aren't you?
You're totally right.
It's my fault.
It's all on me, the fat-ass, slow,
over-the-top bitch.
I quit!
I agree.
You should lie low for a while.
Wait for this storm to calm down.
What are you saying? I was only joking.
How will I not attend the upcoming party?
I just ordered a very sexy dress
from SIXDO, you know.
How can I show it off now
if I'm not going to the party?
While I'm breaking my back
for the name of our family,
all you care about
is showing off your dresses?
Your sister can really play
the showbiz games.
Don't tell anyone I'm her sister, okay?
Okay.
But it's time you show people
what you are made of.
Did President just give you
a new assignment?
More like he gave you one.
If you can get him the Phoenix Robe,
you can have anything you ever wanted.
And when that happens,
you will become the Fire Phoenix
taking over this Empire Tower.
Isn't that your dream?
But I'm just a foster child
of the Ly family.
I have the name, not the power.
Even if I had any real power
in the family,
I'd never be able to go anywhere
near the robe.
It's Ha's personal treasure.
You can acquire any building in this city.
This is just an old robe…
It's the Phoenix Robe,
not just any building.
You can't just buy it with money.
My sister has built her reputation
in the antique collectors' community
for over 20 years thanks to that robe.
She will never let it go.
Well, you think it through.
Give him the robe,
and the chair of Empire Asia's
vice president will be yours.
Dad gave this assignment to you
because he has trust in you.
Only you can make it happen.
Only you deserve to sit in that chair.
Baby.
I'm near Camellia Garden.
There's no phone service
when I get there so…
Hello?
How are you, Ms. Linh?
It's been a long time
since your last visit, right?
Please be careful with my suitcases.
I've had dinner.
Give them to me.
-Park the car then come for dinner.
-Yes, sir.
Please get the luggage
and put it in my room.
Yes, I'm used to staying up late.
Good night, ma'am.
He's as deaf as a post.
We almost killed a guy
on the mountain pass.
Oh, no. Was that man badly hurt?
Gosh. Is it a wild boar or something?
Yes…
Why are you still sitting there?
Go check it out.
Should we just go?
There's nobody here anyway…
Are you crazy?
Oh, my god. It's not a wild boar.
Call the emergency services.
Is it 113 or 115…?
There's no service here.
How can I call from here?
What man? He was just a kid.
Thank god, he was still alive.
That's good then.
You should go have a bath and a good rest.
Okay.
Has Hong gone to bed?
I'm here.
How could I sleep?
I'm still gouging my eyes out
waiting for you.
Ha, let me chat with her for a while.
Goodness gracious. There's my muse!
Why are you so slender? Sit down here.
Gosh, that's like my dream jawline.
You really are from our family.
You're so beautiful when you're thin
and even more so when you're fat.
How are you doing, Hong?
Not good at all.
Do you know that I've being grounded?
What? Aren't you a bit too old
to be grounded?
We're never too old to be
Ha's younger sisters, are we?
You think she's like our mother?
Mother my foot!
More like a prissy old hag.
But then again…
If after every auction,
that hag gives me money
to buy eight cute dresses, then I'm happy.
Haute couture.
Got it.
Let's go to bed or she'll get mad at us.
Go.
-Hey.
-What?
Let's save our energy
for our online shopping spree tomorrow.
Come on now!
I'm so sad being grounded
that my hip measurement
is now half a centimeter smaller.
Are you on a diet or something?
No. I'm not really good with diets.
The best things in life are
eating, sleeping, fucking, and pooping!
How could I ever give them up?
No wonder you only lost
half a centimeter in 20 years.
That for me is already a miracle.
Goodness.
Thank god you're okay.
Let me take you to the hospital.
No, it's okay.
Why go to the hospital when I'm not hurt?
No. You need a checkup. Let's go.
I said that's not necessary!
Give me your emergency contacts.
No…
No need.
It's just that I was very tired
so I lay down for a bit…
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure! You don't believe me?
You've never seen
a good-looking man before?
Do you want to go to the hospital now?
Why bother when it's just a minor injury?
It's late now.
I need to go home
before my mother gets upset.
Bye.
Can you let me
make my pawn a queen for once?
Every game has its own rules, honey.
She just got back.
Why are you still up?
I was thirsty so…
Are you playing chess by yourself?
-If not me, then who else?
-Can I join you?
Go back to bed.
We've got business to discuss tomorrow.
Okay…
Is Hong still sleepwalking?
She can dream all she wants
when she sleeps,
as long as she can be wide awake
when she gets up.
Goodness gracious.
I had such a good sleep last night.
Look. It's Ha.
Ignore her.
Quickly, before she gets mad.
Ha!
Is Mr. Khanh still deaf?
Once you're deaf, you're deaf forever.
Why don't you get him a doctor
for an examination?
It's good that he's deaf so he
can't be nosy about our family's business.
Right.
Being deaf is actually a good thing.
You only hear what you want to hear.
Look.
Mr. Khanh!
I love you so much!
Please, stop it.
See? How stupid is that?
Such a wild and loud love confession
but he couldn't hear a thing.
How funny is that?
The jade incense burner
from the ninth year
of Khai Dinh's era, 500,000 dollars.
The gold-plated crystal teacup set
from the 20th year of Minh Mang's era,
150,000 dollars.
The jade teacup set from
Emperor Dong Khanh's era, 200,000 dollars.
Leave that one.
Replace it with the gold tray
from Empress Dowager Tu Cung.
-Hong.
-Yes?
Those antiques
are even more valuable than supercars.
They are.
Only the Ly family's very own Ms. Ha
has the ability
to turn insignificant old goods
into valuable antiques, doesn't she?
Just like me.
She also raised my bid
to a super high price.
Too high that no one can afford it, right?
Is that why you're still single
at this age?
Not at all.
It's because I've always followed
our family's rules.
I've been waiting for a red flower
to bloom in our Camellia Garden
while there is a big queue
of the finest men in the land
waiting for a "yes" from me
so they can marry me, you know.
Is that right?
Oh, my god! Ha!
The red camellia
is still nowhere to be seen,
but these red flowers
are blooming like crazy.
Keep working.
Crown Prince Bao Long's Golden Seal,
250,000 dollars.
There are only a few days left.
Will the white camellias blossom
in time for the party?
Don't worry.
Just one rain shower
and they will all bloom.
Okay.
Goodness gracious!
There's hope after all!
This bud has a pink tip…
Doesn't it mean that this year,
a red flower will bloom
in our Camellia Garden?
Then our family will host a wedding party
instead of an auction.
Not so fast, will you?
Remember, you're still grounded.
Oh, come on!
If I be a good girl from now on,
will you unground me before the party?
After the incident
at the Royal Theater the other day,
now you're even more famous than me.
I don't think it's a good idea
that you show up.
Pretty please…
Man, this sucks!
Linh will replace you
at the next auction for the Phoenix Robe.
Gosh, are you serious?
You must be joking!
What does she know about auctioning?
There's a first time for everything.
It's time she took part
in our family's business.
No one here knows her,
while you're already too popular
in the antique community in Hue.
I'm just worried
that we will lose the Phoenix Robe
to some vulgar guy…
Don't worry, Hong.
I have never failed
in any million-dollar deal.
I can do it.
Oh, my god. I can't believe it.
My sister just gave me the role of
a Phoenix Robe buyer in the next auction.
That's great!
This is better than God's plan.
But I don't know why I'm so nervous.
I wouldn't be this nervous
about hundred-million-dollar deals…
This is the feeling
of a phoenix rising from the fire.
Not at all.
This is exactly the feeling
of the Trojan Horse
when it was about to be burned to ashes
after completing its mission!
My muse!
Yes?
Come here and try the shoes.
Okay, I'm coming!
Mr. Khanh.
I'm not inviting Lam Quach this time.
After the incident at the Royal Theater,
I have a feeling
that he's going to play some tricks
to win the Phoenix Robe this time.
Goodness gracious! I came up
with a brilliant idea after just one bite!
I think it's time we built up
the reputation of another antique item.
Don't you think so?
It's like a backup plan
for the Phoenix Robe in case we lose it.
And it sucks…
Hey. You should cut down on that thing.
Too much protein will make you fat,
you know.
Let's just have some dessert later
in Camellia Garden
while looking at the moon.
Starch is the love of my life.
I can't live without it.
Ha, is the dessert ready yet?
The auction will still happen
even if the white camellia
doesn't bloom in time?
We have sent out all the invitations.
It will bloom in time.
Who's that?
It's a thief!
Mr. Khanh! Thief!
Go inside.
Why? We have to catch the thief!
What is it? What's going on?
Check around the garden
then check the cameras.
-Yes, ma'am.
-What?
Go inside, hurry.
Go inside before we get robbed and raped.
The boy was here.
Is it possible that he knows about us?
Oh, my god.
How much does he know? I wonder.
He was hit by your sister on the hillside
the other night while following me.
When Linh said that she hit someone,
I thought it was you.
Who else would be there
that late at night?
Maybe he was just curious.
I know my son.
He's still a big boy.
That is even more worrisome.
What if he knows the secret
of Camellia Garden, our secret?
Even if he knew something,
he would not do anything to harm
his father's name and career
of over 30 years.
What about the honor of my family?
And of Camellia Garden?
And my reputation?
Am I the only one
who cares about those things?
You're being unreasonable.
Right.
While I'm being unreasonable
like you said,
she and your son
might already be on their way here.
It's not like I'm scared of that.
I'm just afraid that right now,
the photos of you
lurking around Camellia Garden
are being shared
all over Facebook already!
And the reporters, those vultures
will be staying up all night writing
articles to humiliate us rich people.
You know how small this city is.
Imagine, tomorrow morning,
even a small shop owner
at the market will know that
there is no such thing as family virtue.
There is no family rule that women
of the Ly family can only get married
when a red flower blooms
in Camellia Garden.
All of that will be just a lie!
Everything is just a cover-up
created by me, Ly Le Ha, for the fact
that the Ly family's blue-blooded daughter
is just a mistress
who has been living in the dark
for more than 20 years with Mr. President!
I will sort this out. I promise.
How many promises have you made
only to tie me to you?
Because I believed your promises,
I have been a liar for all these years.
And now
I have started to believe my own lies.
I actually wait
for the red camellia to bloom.
There isn't a day
that I don't wait for it.
Tell me.
When will the red flower bloom
in Camellia Garden?
What's wrong with you, Ha?
I thought you had understood and accepted
our situation all those years.
Right.
That's why for over 20 years,
I've surrendered myself
in the mesmerizing net of your love.
But do you know…
that I need your shoulder to lean on?
I want to read books with you by my side
at night, to enjoy good paintings,
or play chess with you in our own room.
So I can have peace of mind.
So I won't have to put up my defenses
and fight with another woman.
But every morning I wake up,
my whole world crashes down.
When I become shamefully aware
that I have to hide in the dark.
Don't be like that.
You always have a special place
in my heart.
What place is that?
The Phoenix?
What about this chess game?
Over the last 20 years,
you never once
let me make my pawn a queen,
even if it's just a game!
If it was that easy for me,
do you think I would ride
my bicycle through the woods every night
to Camellia Garden for 20 years?
What is it?
I know who sneaked into our house.
Who?
It's the kid I hit the other day.
He probably came for this camera.
Okay.
I'll have it returned to him tomorrow.
You know him?
What should I do now, Sister?
I thought you had it all figured out?
For the past 25 years,
I have created
what I thought was a perfect story.
But, Sister, now the girl has come back.
His son has also come to Camellia Garden.
Oh, god.
Is my judgment day coming?
Hey, what's going on with her?
Whatever. It's none of our business.
Let's go home.
I don't even care what you do,
as long as you win this Phoenix Robe.
Once you have it,
you'll officially become the Fire Phoenix
of the real estate world.
You'll have everything you want.
Power.
Money.
And even me.
Oh, hey…
I'm sorry, but…
The Phoenix Robe
is mysteriously irresistible.
Everyone wants to wear it
the minute they see it.
No one can resist it.
But you should remember
that you are not allowed to come in here
without my permission.
Understood.
Follow me.
She's planning something.
Planning what?
She's probably just worried
about the assignment you gave her.
I have years of experience
and I still feel the pressure every time.
But I have to say that she's so similar
to you in your younger days.
Stubborn. Decisive.
And overconfident!
Just you wait. One day, life will slap her
in the face and she'll learn her lesson.
Because she's like a younger me,
I know what she's thinking.
She has never liked old stuff
since she was a child
and has always refused to take over
our family business.
She tried every way she could
to run away from our family
to be able to do business
with newer, shiny stuff.
But this time,
she suddenly came home on her own terms
when no one forced her to.
Every time I mentioned the Phoenix Robe,
her eyes lit up.
The assignment was only a test.
And just as I expected,
she accepted it without hesitation.
Oh, please.
Aren't you too skeptical?
Maybe she's not planning anything
and just wants to make up with you.
Look.
Why do you have so little trust
in other people?
Isn't that tiring?
Have I ever been wrong
with my suspicions, Hong?
It's Qilin Playing with Takraw Ball.
It was made of gold in the Edo era,
but unfortunately, it was not included
in the auction list today.
It is truly an honor to be in your
presence in Camellia Garden, Ms. Ha.
You're even more beautiful
than what I've been told.
Thank you.
Have we met?
It is my first time here.
I came on my boss' order.
I see.
Didn't I say that you should not be here?
And you even talked to her.
Don't worry, no one here knows me.
Are you crazy?
If my sister finds out about me
helping you win the Phoenix Robe,
I will not make it back to Saigon alive.
-Meet me in the back garden.
-Okay.
Excuse me.
How could you do this to me?
What did I do to deserve this?
I would rather you stab a knife
into my heart.
I'm sorry.
I tried to stop her from coming here.
I…
I will leave now.
I'll come up with some excuse
to take her home.
So you can be at ease.
I can't believe it, honey.
For the first time
in the history of the Ly family,
I'm not at an auction party
in Camellia Garden!
Then why are you still dressed up
like the queen of the night?
Well, I have to be prepared
in case Ha changes her mind
at the last minute.
Also, if Linh makes a mistake,
I will have to jump into her place
and save the Phoenix Robe.
Aren't you overthinking?
Your sister Ha
can handle everything herself.
You're wrong, honey.
No matter how smart she is,
there will always be something
that is out of her control.
Our relationship, for example.
She doesn't know it at all,
although we've been living together
like a married couple for decades.
That's because we're really good
at pretending we're not.
Exactly.
The wife who acts crazy
and the husband who acts deaf.
Gosh, this is so funny!
Think about how every time we do it
and you make all these noises.
She thinks that you're just
singing opera while sleep-walking.
In the morning I go to the mountain field
And I see a cockatoo
Oh, such a big cockatoo
What if the guests hear us?
I guess this is not
the first time we have met.
This is definitely not your first time
in Camellia Garden.
How do you know?
Tell me.
Why did you sneak into our garden
in the middle of the night?
You didn't do that just to give
your girlfriend some flowers, right?
Why are you so sure it was me?
You came for the camera, right?
Oh, you have my camera?
Gosh, I thought I lost it on the hill.
We'll talk later.
Come on.
Give me back my camera.
Okay, tell me then.
What's in the last photo?
This mansion.
-So you're watching us?
-Yes.
May I?
I never thought that I'd have the honor
to meet you so many times,
with your many secrets.
What's interesting about life
if there are no secrets?
However, there are secrets
that will hurt many people if revealed.
Is it difficult to become
the Fire Phoenix, Ms. Linh?
There is no such word as "difficult"
in my dictionary.
Be careful with uninvited guests.
They don't look like they have
any interest in the Phoenix Robe.
The innocent look is exactly
the perfect cover for dark desires.
What do you mean?
You know what I mean.
Congratulations
to the new owner of the Golden Seal!
And coming up next,
the most expensive item of the night.
A chance to become the owner
of the one and only Three-Tailed
Phoenix Robe of the Nguyen era.
Please wait for five minutes.
This precious item
will be presented to you.
The party is coming to an end.
I will quickly jump to 30 million dollars
to save time.
Okay. I got it.
Get Hong.
Get Hong now!
Hong!
Sorry.
We need to report this to the police.
The thief won't be able to go far.
Shut up.
We report this to the police
and 30 minutes later,
the whole city will know that our family
has lost its priceless treasure.
She's right.
What should we do then?
Everyone came here for the Phoenix Robe.
How are we going to stall them?
I'll find Mr. Khanh.
I'll check the CCTV immediately.
Leave that till later.
What matters now
is to send the guests home without
upsetting them or making them suspicious.
Understand?
Listen.
No one knows about this
except the three of us.
What are you going to do?
Goodness gracious.
Just follow her. Quick. Now.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Only a few people have had the chance
to see the Three-Tailed Phoenix Robe.
You were brought here tonight by fate.
My only wish is that this year
the robe will belong to the right owner
for the most well-deserved price.
Now…
It is my greatest pleasure
to present to you
the Phoenix Robe.
Oh, my god. Ms. Ha!
Mr. Khanh, call an ambulance!
Excuse me!
Ms. Ha…
Call the doctor. Now.
Ms. Ha!
I should go.
Let me see you out.
I never thought you would dare to do that.
What else could I do then?
Apologize to each and every one of them?
Or ask Mr. Khanh to dig a hole
in the garden so I can hide in it?
But what if something happened…?
Don't worry, Linh.
This is a woman who's very experienced
in rolling down the stairs.
She has done it seven times.
Oh, no.
Are you hurt?
Just some scratches.
I know better
than to break my arm like last time.
You two go now. I need to rest.
We still need to check the CCTV, right?
Right.
It's him.
That's the kid I told you about.
He might just be a guest
who happened to be there.
True.
We need more evidence.
What? But it's so obvious.
He sneaked into our private room,
how is he not a thief?
You're right.
But how is the President's son a thief?
He might be a junkie or a gambler.
There could be a million reasons.
Right.
By the way, we didn't invite him, right?
There are many uninvited guests today.
I want to sleep now.
Let's talk about this tomorrow.
We can't do that.
We have to report it to the police
before he can hide the robe.
Goodness gracious.
We can't do that.
It's like showing them our backs.
And the insurance company
will also stick their noses in.
They will dig up
every corner of Camellia Garden.
The truth about all the antiques
we've been trading will be exposed.
Those are the antiques we own
and we trade them openly.
What is there to be afraid of?
Linh.
Actually, most of them are fake antiques
that were sold at exorbitant prices.
Don't tell me
even the Phoenix Robe is fake.
It's real.
Yes, it is.
We only play the fake auction games
with real things.
So you better keep your mouth shut.
If this secret is exposed,
our family will be an utter mess
and Ha will be messed up.
Our only choice now
is to find the Phoenix Robe
without alerting the antique community.
I'll do it.
No one knows that I'm from the Ly family.
I'll get close to him
to take back the robe.
Get close?
Did you just forget that I'm your sister?
I'll get the job done.
No.
Leave this matter to me and Hong.
You go back to Saigon.
No!
Didn't you say that it's time
I participate in our family's business?
Let me handle this.
Give me one week.
I'll bring the Phoenix Robe back to you.
What's gotten into her?
So we'll fly back to Saigon empty-handed?
You go back first.
I'll stay here for a few more days.
You've got a new plan?
Look.
I'm not the type of girl
who gives up so easily.
Just go back,
but remember not to tell your father
that the Phoenix Robe has been stolen.
Remember carefully
that only four people know about this.
Me, my sisters, and the thief.
But what are you planning to do?
Dad didn't give us much time.
It won't take long. Might be tomorrow
or the end of the week.
I'll get the Phoenix Robe back.
I'll get it for you and your dad.
Not my family. Happy?
That's the Phoenix talk.
I'll wait for your good news.
-Are you following me?
-Yes.
How straightforward women are these days.
It's not like we know each other.
Let's get to know each other then.
I'm Ly Linh.
Jonathan, but you can call me Jo.
I know.
Jonathan Vinh Thuy, 23 years old.
The only son of President Vinh Nghi.
Wow. You do know a few things.
What good is Google for?
So are you the police or a detective?
I sell skyscrapers
of 60 floors and higher.
-Oh, a real estate agent?
-Yes.
Then what were you doing
at an antique auction?
I see…
Were you looking for some rich guys?
I'm looking for the Ly family's treasure.
Why ask me?
Perhaps I am the treasure
you're looking for?
You have the treasure I'm looking for.
It's only 23, how is it an antique?
Stop your bullshit!
I need to take back
the antique you stole from the Ly family.
Stole?
-Yes.
-Do I look like a thief to you?
Stop acting crazy.
A man should take responsibility
for what he did.
What a joke!
The Ly family are thieves, not me.
Say what you want,
but I swear I'll catch you red-handed. Go!
Hey.
What about my camera?
I'm free tonight.
You can buy me dinner as ransom.
At least give me your phone number.
There's no signal in Camellia Garden!
I can't believe it.
I'm dressed up to the nines
and you take me to a museum.
Are you buying me antiques for dinner, Jo?
No.
Because you told me
you were looking for some antiques, so…
Why is it cold all of a sudden?
Thank you.
Don't thank me. I'm not giving it to you.
Let's go.
It's so hot now.
Your jacket.
Let's go.
What are you doing here?
For Christ's sake!
Is there anything you wouldn't do?
Shut up!
How dare you raise your voice
when the evidence is right here?
Give it to me!
Open your eyes and look carefully!
It's fake!
Well… Where did you hide
the real one then?
Where is it?
Where?
I'm telling you one last time.
I didn't steal the Phoenix Robe.
It's you…
who broke into my room to steal things!
You want a ransom then?
How much?
I don't want it because I'm rich.
Just go!
Where is the Phoenix Robe?
Phoenix Robe…
-I'm fed up with this! Out!
-No.
-Just go!
-Whatever. Get out!
-The robe.
-I don't have it!
-You're rude to a pretty girl like me?
-I don't care if you're pretty or not!
Go back to where you came from!
-What are you doing, pervert?
-Stay still.
-Stay still, don't look.
-Get off me!
Too late, darling.
I've seen everything.
Stay still. You hear me?
Stay still.
Stay right there.
You stay right there.
Back when I was in Florence,
every day after school, I would go
to the Uffizi museum to look at it.
It was what sparked my love for antiques.
My dear sisters.
This just came to me.
This is Linh.
The Venus standing on top of a shell.
And this is Ms. Ha,
Goddess of Time, a tough one.
What I mean is time
doesn't wait for anyone.
And this is me.
Ugly, right?
I'm the Goddess of Flowers.
Every time I open my mouth,
all kinds of flowers bloom
right in your face!
So tell me about this God of Wind then.
Who is it going to be?
Mr. Khanh The Deaf Guy, of course!
Isn't it?
Everything that people say to him,
he takes it in through this ear
and then lets it out
through the other ear,
all gone with the wind.
Gosh, he looks so dumb.
It's hilarious.
Why are you always making fun of him?
-He…
-Because it's him.
-What?
-How's the Phoenix Robe going?
Don't worry.
I'm luring him into my love trap.
He won't be able to get out.
Goodness gracious.
What is a love trap?
What did you just say?
Why are you so surprised?
No man can resist my charm,
let alone a boy like him.
You can't do that!
Right.
You can't do that.
You have to stay away from him.
Forget it.
You should go back to Saigon.
But I have to get the robe back.
It's no longer your problem.
Go back to Saigon, now!
What's wrong with her?
This is bad, Linh.
It's bad…
Really bad…
Truth or drink?
I'll choose when you ask.
Those aren't the rules!
I'm pretty, so I get to decide the rules.
Shoot.
Do you think I'm handsome?
Not bad.
Right…
Next one.
Why did you steal the robe?
Will you give it back now?
What's your relationship
with the Ly family?
I'm just asking, that's all.
I know all their tricks at auctions.
Those tricks are as old as time,
but they still managed to sell
so many items at exorbitant prices.
And then there's Ms. Ha's
personal life, it's just…
What?
It's really…
Hey. Why drink when you didn't even lose?
I'll lose from now on.
I'll keep silent. I won't say anything.
Are you drunk?
How about you?
I really hope that…
behind this angelic face,
doesn't hide a devil
like the Ly sisters.
Wait, your last name is also Ly.
Tell me.
How are you related to those two hags?
You don't have the right to ask
when you're losing.
Okay. Then let's keep playing.
It's a tie.
Let me offer you one, darling.
-Hey.
-What?
Want to go to the beach?
-The beach?
-Yes.
-Go to the beach at midnight?
Are you crazy?
I'm sorry, Ha.
The Phoenix Robe never left our home.
What?
Why are you not mad at me?
Did you delete all the CCTV footage?
Don't let her see them, or we're screwed.
I've deleted them all.
She caught me glancing at you back then.
-I'm so worried.
-You have nothing to worry about.
I'll wait for the storm to calm down
then come clean to her
and return the robe.
Do you think I did the right thing, honey?
Look at you. If you were a bit thinner,
you'd be no less than a queen.
If I lose this second chin
and fasten this button,
then even a queen is no match for me.
But to be honest,
I'm happy to be your queen.
I have no interest in this old robe.
The desire to become Phoenix
has put my sister's life
in a very dark place,
and now Linh's too.
Thank god that you're not really deaf,
so you could hear
her evil scheme with that guy.
Well, you're not crazy,
for coming up with the plan
to hide the robe away.
You really are an old witch
with many tricks up her sleeves.
If you hadn't hidden the robe,
I would have hidden it myself.
I was just stalling
to see what she was up to.
Who would have thought?
I have to admit
that brat is something else,
but she's still no match for you.
Let me tell you.
When Mr. Khanh told me
that she was plotting with someone
on the phone behind our back,
I didn't believe it and even ignored it.
But during the night of the party,
he took these photos
and that's when I realized that
I had to take action!
Look at this. See?
What did I tell you?
My instincts are rarely wrong.
You know…
I knew something was off
the moment she came home so suddenly
and was very eager to help
with our auction.
Until I met Lam Quach's son…
Goodness gracious.
So that man is Lam Quach's son.
How did you know?
He was careless enough
to wear a pin on his suit.
It's the logo of Empire Asia.
Within 30 seconds,
I found out that it was
Lam Quach's real estate corporation.
And the man who was dancing with me
was his son,
Quach Gia Huy,
Vice President of Empire Asia.
Goodness gracious.
You're like the female version
of Sherlock Holmes.
But how did you know
the two of them and Linh are connected?
Oh, my!
So it's them,
Lam Quach and his son.
They created this whole Trojan Horse show?
But I'm sure Linh will never
betray her family for love.
Maybe they promised her something?
Something big.
But, Ha,
things are getting even more complicated.
Now Linh is involved
with Mr. Nghi's curly-haired son.
That's what worries me.
So…
What is it?
That night,
he saw me and Mr. Nghi…
Fortunately,
he didn't make a scene at the party.
Or else I would have been screwed.
Ha, this is serious.
How could you not tell me sooner?
I took it too lightly.
I thought that
when she knew the robe was gone,
she would give up and go back to Saigon.
You have been pursuing
your own Phoenix dream for 25 years.
What makes you think…
that she would give up
her Phoenix dream in just three days?
Do you know what my childhood dream was?
I wanted to leave this Earth
on a spaceship.
Why?
So you could go back to your own planet?
What planet would take me in?
It's just that
I could never stay in one place.
I tend to leave after a few days.
You must come from Planet Nomad then.
-And you…
-What?
-Maybe Planet Catastrophe?
Every time I see you,
I get into some kind of disaster.
The first time we met,
I almost got killed.
And you're always accusing me of theft.
-Also…
-What?
The other day, you broke into my room
and caught me in my birthday suit.
Don't blame me. It's your fault
for not wearing anything in the shower.
I must be blessed by my ancestors
that my everything is still intact.
But now that I think about it, it was fun.
You are…
strange.
I'm feeling strange too.
Sitting on the beach,
listening to the sound of the waves,
looking at planets
from a million miles away…
And I actually find joy in it.
Are you going to wait for him all night?
No.
I'm waiting for her.
It's been over a week.
Why is he not coming?
A man…
can get rid of a woman…
just like throwing away an old shirt.
But when a woman leaves a man,
it's like cutting off a part of her body.
No matter how determined she is,
it still broke her
and left a hole in her heart.
Hey.
Listen to me.
Can't you just let it all go?
Live like me.
Acting all crazy.
Can you do that?
I can't.
I've suffered for so many years.
If I could let it go,
I would have done that 25 years ago.
I just can't.
Come on…
How are you going to enjoy life then?
There's a thing called destiny.
I'm very close to the top now.
If I give up,
it means I will lose everything.
I'll have nothing.
No.
I can't do that.
Life has slapped you in the face,
yet you still haven't learned your lesson?
Look at yourself.
What have you gotten out of
clinging onto Mr. Nghi for 25 years?
Stop being so stubborn.
Why are you still holding onto
the game of turning a pawn into a queen?
You haven't won a single match
in the past 25 years!
Let me be honest.
If he wanted you to win,
he could just take one step back.
Like this.
There, a queen!
But he just couldn't let you win for once!
You know nothing!
Shut up!
I've been shutting my mouth for 25 years.
I thought…
I could just turn a blind eye
and believe that you were truly happy.
So that I could be happy for you too.
But tell me…
Are you really happy?
Mind your own business.
Stop worrying about me.
How could you say that?
If I didn't care about you,
who would then?
I would have left Camellia Garden
to have a carefree life with Khanh.
Why else would I have to stay here
and act like a crazy woman for years?
Hong…
I was wrong.
I'm sorry…
I'm sorry.
I made you suffer.
But…
It's my fate.
I'm like a wild horse.
I would jump into a swamp
only for it to suck me in.
And now the more I struggle,
the deeper I sink.
I can't go back now.
I'm sorry.
But don't worry about me.
I wish you a happy life.
Why do you have to wait for someone
who will never belong to you?
The weather is lovely.
Yes.
Don't you want to talk
about our kiss the other night?
What's there to talk about?
Handsome guys get that all the time.
Let's take some more photos.
You seem to be very interested
in the Phoenix Robe.
Not me, my mother.
She is the real owner of the Phoenix Robe
that's been held by the Ly family.
Ms. Lan?
Yes.
The Three-Tailed Phoenix Robe
was her dowry.
But I don't know why
my father sold it to Ms. Ha.
That's why you looked
for a fake Phoenix Robe
and switched it with the one
the Ly family had?
It kind of makes sense.
Too bad that I did not steal the robe.
That's the photo I took
right before your car hit me.
If only you came a few minutes later,
we would have seen
such an interesting scene.
This man is…
Does he seem familiar to you?
That's my father.
Camellia Garden, the mansion without men?
The Ly sisters are only allowed
to get married when a red flower blooms?
Those are just Ms. Ha's tricks.
The ever honorable and virtuous lady
turns out to be a homewrecker.
So this was all a set-up?
Why is the robe still here?
Tell me.
Two lovers separated by war
So much passion, so much hatred
A wooden horse, a gift
A kingdom fallen from inside
The vows of our love
A woman's heart
Against God's plan
I brought you into our family
when you were still a newborn.
So…
If you want to plot something,
do it against other people,
but don't do it against me.
If I hadn't hidden the robe,
would you still be here?
Or would you be happy somewhere
after deceiving us
when you gave the robe
to Lam Quach and his son?
You know…
The honor of our family,
the money that fed you and schooled you…
It all came from this robe.
It was fortunate that I managed
to protect both you and the robe.
Protect me?
Did you protect me or yourself?
Yes. I planned to deceive you this time.
But you…
You've been deceiving me for 25 years.
I've lived 25 years of my life
doing things your way.
Honestly, I'm just a pawn in your game.
The game you claimed to use
to protect the honor of our family,
regardless of your own sisters' happiness!
Then what?
The honor, the legend of the Ly family
was only made up
to cover the fact
that you're just a homewrecker!
Goodness gracious!
What's going on?
Was I wrong?
Who is the man in this photo?
For 25 years…
For 25 years, I admired you.
I followed your orders without questions.
I lived by the rules of our family.
Only to find out today
that those rules,
just like these so-called antiques,
are all fake!
It's all just a lie!
You are the one who created
the curse of our family.
What's this lie about red flowers
and getting married?
Don't say that, please.
Why?
Why did you have to do that?
Why did you take away
your sisters' happiness
when you're the one who stole
other people's happiness?
Tell me.
Is there any other lie in this family
that I don't know about?
Tell me!
Linh…
Hong,
she's here.
The fragrance of white camellia
is truly mesmerizing.
It's a pity, don't you think?
That it only comes at night.
If you like, I will have a bunch of them
delivered to your doorstep.
Why bother to cross the woods
in the middle of the night like this?
I come here
at this time of the night
hoping to understand the feeling
my husband has
every night he's come here to see you
for the past 20 years.
Rest assured.
He doesn't come here anymore.
Search for him elsewhere.
I have never looked for him
in the past 25 years.
You know it.
I came here for you.
Ha.
All those years,
I've been waiting for you to take
a step back then I would take a step back,
as long as I got to keep him by my side.
We both know the rules very well.
As long as you don't step forward,
I will never cross the line.
We're both women.
Ironically, we both fell for the same man.
But as you can see,
a man would never sacrifice his career
for a woman.
I didn't need to hear it from you.
We both know very well that…
to him,
love will be the first thing he gives up.
But he'll never give up power.
You're right.
When in peace,
men tend to show their adventurous side
by fooling around.
But the moment the storm comes,
he will choose to go back to his family.
He has come back to me.
So I don't have any reason
to fight over the robe.
You can keep it.
Congratulations.
I hope you can hold on to him this time,
so he doesn't have
to ride through the woods
in the middle of the night
to find another garden.
Thank you for your advice.
Winning or losing
even as king or queen…
After all,
we are all just pawns on the chess board.
I will leave now.
When in peace,
men tend to show their adventurous side
by fooling around.
But the moment the storm comes,
he will choose to go back to his family.
Ha…
Ha, open the door!
Ha!
You're scaring me.
Linh!
Linh, please save her! Save her!
She locked herself in her room.
She doesn't answer when I call.
I think she might do something stupid.
We need to save her, Linh!
Winning or losing
even as king or queen…
We are all just pawns on the chess board.
Linh.
Be quick and save her.
Ha, I will break the door down!
Ha!
Oh, my god.
Ha…
It's time to put an end to everything.
Linh.
After all of this,
you might end up hating me
for the rest of your life.
Ha…
For so many years,
I've had this lie as a reputation.
Now I'm ready to give it all up…
no matter how shameful it is.
For over 20 years of my life,
when I should have lived a happy life
with my daughter,
I chose to exchange it for made-up values.
Please, my daughter.
Please forgive me.
-What are you talking about?
-Linh!
Are you high or something?
Linh!
What are you doing?
What is it this time?
When will you stop all your lies?
-I wasn't born yesterday, you know!
-Shut up!
You…
You are her daughter.
Her flesh and blood. Do you understand?
Because of our family's honor,
I couldn't admit
that you are my own daughter.
It's unacceptable for a blue-blooded girl
like me to have a child out of wedlock.
So I had to send you
to Sister Lai at Thien An Monastery,
and only brought you back into our family
as an adopted daughter soon after.
You are the love child
of me and your father,
Vinh Nghi.
Shut up!
This is all a lie!
You and you too.
You're all liars!
You were so good at pretending
and deceiving me your whole lives.
I will never believe you.
I will never believe you!
Linh.
Oh, my god. Linh!
Ha…
Do something!
We have to stop her.
Because of our family's honor,
I couldn't admit
that you are my own daughter.
Linh.
I would like to talk to you
about something.
Don't worry.
We're not related.
It's true.
Vinh Nghi and I adopted Jo
when he was just born.
I…
I'm sorry.
Just because of my selfishness,
I almost…
ended your life before you were even born.
That year,
when I learned that she was pregnant,
I was afraid…
that my husband would leave me for her.
It was me who brought the Phoenix Robe
to Camellia Garden
in exchange for her silence.
I begged her…
not to keep you.
And she agreed.
But she didn't keep her word
despite our agreement.
You know, for the past 25 years,
I never felt at ease.
I even thought that…
my infertility was God's punishment
for the crime I committed
preventing an innocent life from existing.
Here's your key card.
Why do you have to come to Hue?
Everything's still under my control.
I have a bad feeling about this.
You should have a new plan.
That girl is useless now.
It's been a week and she still
doesn't have the Phoenix Robe.
Don't worry.
As long as we use
the position of vice president as bait,
she will do everything for us
unconditionally.
But this takes too much time.
Had she not been Ms. Ha's sister,
I wouldn't have even considered her.
Let's wait until tomorrow,
then we'll decide what to do next.
That's enough.
You should hurry up and get rid of her.
But be careful.
Don't make another mess like you did
with the beauty queen last time.
I got it. I'll get rid of her
as soon as she gives me the robe.
Ms. Hong asked me to find you…
for 20 million dollars.
I would be stupid if I didn't accept.
You know…
What?
I've always dreamed of being a Phoenix.
But I didn't know until now
that I was only a pawn.
A nameless pawn on the chess board.
Why does it matter
if you're a phoenix or a pawn?
As long as you're happy with it, right?
Where is the Ly Linh that I know?
The smart, beautiful, and troublesome
Ly Linh, just like Venus.
Didn't you say
that I came from Planet Catastrophe?
I only bring disasters.
What's good with that?
-You lied to me?
-I didn't…
Linh.
Ha…
I mean your mother…
What mother?
Aren't you two tired of pretending?
Your mother jumped into the river!
No one can find her.
This is her suicide note.
My poor sister…
Why couldn't you enjoy a happy life?
Why did your death have to be so tragic?
Even your body was lost…
Linh, my child.
All my life, I have made so many mistakes.
And the biggest mistake
was to take away your right
to have a mother.
I could say sorry a thousand times
and it would never be enough.
My whole life,
I kept chasing vanity and illusion
not knowing that
the greatest blessing
that I was given was you.
And I refused that.
Nothing is your fault, Linh.
I will take all the blame.
I deserve God's greatest punishment.
For 25 years,
I had been waiting for the day
when I could become a wife.
Forgetting that…
what I really wanted
was the moment you'd call me…
"Mother."
I don't wish for your forgiveness
in this life.
But if there is an afterlife,
I wish for you to be my child again
so I can redeem my mistakes.
Ha! Where are you?
-Linh…
-You can't die!
-Linh, stop.
-Linh…
You can't die!
Linh!
-You can't die…
-Ha…
Why did you do that?
You can't die!
Get her down!
Sister…
Mother.
Mother…
My daughter.
Honey.
It is my pleasure to introduce to you
the Great Fortune Emerald Jewelry,
the precious treasure of over 100 years
from the Le family.
Made of pure gold
and 200 pieces of emerald.
-I’ll start the bidding at--
-I bid 30 million dollars.
Sold!